### Questions on the assignment
- What did you find easy about this assignment?
    In my opinion, the easiest part of the assignment was probably working with the arithmetic expressions, although for some reason it took some time for me to realize that I needed to call eval repeatedly for the programs that I write to fully execute. I find that the small step semantics were easily understandable (it helped provide a template for things that needed to be passed to and from the class objects).
- What was difficult?
    The most difficult part for me was probably the command expressions. The booleans kind of had a directly similar model to the arithmetic expressions. The commands, however, were tough as they involved Skips (especially in assignments, while loop, and sequencing). I got a little bit stuck on the SKIP but eventually figured it out. The issue was that I could not move forward from assignments to sequences to the while loop as all involved the skip command in some way. 
- What Python features were useful or unhelpful to implement IMP?
    The least helpful part about python was how HEAVILY everything had to be object oriented. Every class for every kind of expression was tedious to repeatedly implement. Not only that, compared to the OCaml lecture, Python implementations seem far more removed from the operational semantics. While recursion was unavoidable as this is ultimately necessary to break down into smaller expressions, tracing issues across different levels was not very fun to do. That said, it was a fun overall challenge. I think something functional like OCaml (had I known how to use OCaml) would have been a lot more straightforward. 